Jswope00/migrate learner docs (#828)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/learners/SFD_introduction.rst

.. _Introduction:

#################
Welcome!
#################

Welcome Learner!We hope that this guide helps you with your transition to online learning. The
guide answers common questions about topics like getting started in an online
course, earning certificates, participating in course discussions, and
completing some of the exercises you may see in your course.

.. contents::
  :local:
  :depth: 1

.. _Learning in a MOOC:

******************
Learning in a MOOC
******************

A massive, open, online course (MOOC) typically uses videos and text to present
course content, although you might also encounter other types of reading
assignments, such as textbooks and online articles. A MOOC also includes
assessments, in the form of practice questions, homework assignments, and
exams. To help you share information, ask questions, and collaborate with other
learners and the course team, course discussions are available.

Videos and other types of course content, assessments, and discussions are used

> in virtually every MOOC on the edx.org website. These course components are

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> also used to create the courses on websites that use the Open edX online

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to create the courses on websites that use the Open edX online
```

learning platform. Everyone is welcome to review examples of these components,

> and practice using them, by enrolling in the `edX Demo course`_.

Reviewer: I would ensure this links to the demo course on either sandbox.openedx.org or training.openedx.io

Author: Modifed in this commit: 12ab58a8063a9d79f999e6696244b83fa7b1d706

In some courses, enhanced components might also be included, from team
problem-solving exercises and lab work to live demonstrations and ask me
anything (AMA) sessions. Every course has a unique design, and course teams
are continuously looking for new ways to engage learners and teach more
effectively. Course teams typically include instructions for how to use any
enhanced components right in the course.

MOOCs bring learners from all over the world together. The people who you take
a course with have a wide variety of educational backgrounds and educational
goals. One part of the MOOC experience that everyone shares is encountering new
ways of learning. As a result, most learners occasionally have questions about
what is expected, how to complete an assignment, or what a word, phrase, or
abbreviation means.

.. _If You Have Questions In Course:

********************************************
If You Have Questions As You Take a Course
********************************************

> If you have a question about something you encounter in an edX course, try

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a question about something you encounter in your course, try
```
